RCT-101.E1

Problem: 

Create the following APP: TODO App with Item Count using the Provided Boilerplate

Getting Started: Clone/Fork this repository https://github.com/riteshf/rct-101-e1.git
navigate to the folder cd rct-101-e1
npm install
npm start
Video Explanation
Understanding Component Structure
App
TaskApp
TaskHeader
AddTask
Tasks
Task
Counter
Note - Make sure you use only the given components and dont create new files and folders. Changing component name, structures might result in giving you zero marks.

Understanding Data Structure
tasks.json
Initial Tasks to be shown on screen.
Note - Make sure you use only the given data and dont create new data. Changing data might result in giving you zero marks

Features to build
User should be able to add task from AddTask component.
User Should not be able to add empty task.
User Should not be able to add duplicate tasks.
Whenever a new Task is added count value is 1 by default.
User Should be able to mark Task as Completed in Task component.
Every Task should have different internal Counter with values. Note - Make sure you implelement features one by one and deploy the app correctly
General Instructions (IMPORTANT)
Do not use Global CSS, instead use <componentName>.module.css convention for Css in that file.
Do Not Remove data-cy="xxxx" from anywhere, this are used by testing tools to test your code, removal of this will lead to low score.
Make sure you use only the given components and dont create new files and folders as chaging component name, structures might result in giving you zero marks
Make sure you use only the given data and dont create new data, as chaging data might result in giving you zero marks
Submission
You need to Submit Github Link as well as netify link.
Make sure you use Masai GitHub account provided by MasaiSchool(submit a link to the root folder of your repository on GitHub).
Make Sure you have netify account, else you will be getting zero marks as netify takes down your app in a few days if your account does not exist.